next: add page (#5385)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/next.md

# next

> > The Reactjs framework to build optimized web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Server-side rendered React framework for building optimized web applications.
```

> > React framework that uses server-side rendered for building optimized web applications.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> React framework that uses server-side rendering for building optimized web applications.
```

Reviewer: That was my mistake.

> More information: <https://nextjs.org/docs>.

- Start the current application in development mode:

`next dev`

> - Start the current application in a specific port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start the current application and listen on a specific port:
```

`next dev --port {{port}}`

- Build the current application optimized for production:

`next build`

- Start the compiled application in production mode:

`next start`

> - Start the compiled application in a specific port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start the compiled application and listen on a specific port:
```
